Docs typo fixes (#8882)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/con-config-mirrormaker2-acls.adoc

When using MirrorMaker 2 with Strimzi, it is possible to synchronize ACL rules for remote topics. 
However, this feature is only available if you are not using the User Operator.

> If you are using the `AclAuthorizer` without the User Operator, the ACL rules that manage access to brokers also apply to remote topics. 

Reviewer: MAybe better like this since the class name differs in ZooKeeper and in KRaft mode.

```suggestion
If you are using the `type: simple` authorization without the User Operator, the ACL rules that manage access to brokers also apply to remote topics. 
```
